feat(rum-core): support regex same origin (#973)
elastic/apm-agent-rum-js: docs/configuration.asciidoc

* *Type:* Array
* *Default:* `[]`

> This option is an array of strings or regexes and determines which origins should be monitored as part of distributed tracing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option can be set to an array containing one or more Strings or RegExp objects and determines which origins should be monitored as part of distributed tracing.
```

> More specificly this option is consulted when the agent is about to add distributed tracing http header (`traceparent`) to a request.

Reviewer 2: Might as well fix the spelling of `specifically` while we're here 🙃 

```suggestion
More specifically, this option is consulted when the agent is about to add the distributed tracing HTTP header (`traceparent`) to a request.
```

> Please note that this list testing the origin part of the url (other parts of the url are ignored), each item in the array should be a valid url or a regex to test the origin part.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that each item in the array should be a valid URL containing the origin (other parts of the url are ignored) or a RegExp object. If an item in the array is String, an exact match will be performed. If it's a RegExp object, its test function will be called with the request origin. 
```

Reviewer: @bmorelli25 Can you have a look at the docs change? Thanks!

Reviewer 2: I've slightly edited your above recommendation for clarity.

Reviewer 2: <img width="777" alt="Screen Shot 2021-03-09 at 12 24 25 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5618806/110533026-67545680-80d2-11eb-9320-5fd4fa33b726.png">

Huh, that's really neat. GitHub recognizes a suggestion edit as a contribution.
